[ACS][Common] OPS - Added Routing Logic Based on Scopes (#47609)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/communication/Azure.Communication.Common/README.md

var entraTokenCredentialOptions = new EntraCommunicationTokenCredentialOptions(
    resourceEndpoint: "https://<your-resource>.communication.azure.com",
    entraTokenCredential: entraTokenCredential,
    scopes: new[] { "https://communication.azure.com/clients/VoIP" }
);

var credential = new CommunicationTokenCredential(entraTokenCredentialOptions);

```

> The same approach can be used to authorize your Azure Communication Services resource to receive calls from the Teams resource account.

Reviewer: It's doing something different :-)

```suggestion
The same approach can be used for authorizing an Entra user with a Teams license to use Teams Phone Extensibility features through your Azure Communication Services resource.
```

This requires providing the `https://auth.msft.communication.azure.com/TeamsExtension.ManageCalls` scope
```C# 
var options = new InteractiveBrowserCredentialOptions
    {
        TenantId = "<your-tenant-id>",
        ClientId = "<your-client-id>",
        RedirectUri = new Uri("<your-redirect-uri>"),

>         AuthorityHost = new Uri("https://login.microsoftonline.com/<your-tenant-id>")

Reviewer: Is the AuthorityHost required?

Reviewer: That's actually a different library, Azure.Identity has login.microsoftonline.com as default and that should just work

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.interactivebrowsercredentialoptions?view=azure-dotnet#properties

Reviewer: (Azure.Identity wraps MSAL)
